Even if there is no money
You can't buy this kind of garbage as a fool
This crap can still be auctioned
Foolish people
Yes, I'll change the next lot for you.
Who are you fooling with this lot?
Although it is restored porcelain
But the level of restoration is not low
Hey
Yeah.
Li Yi, is this thing suitable for you?
A worthless piece of junk like you?
Ah, since Xu Dashao doesn't want it
If my brother doesn't like it either
I'll take it then.
Take it take it
I see it
Did you drink toilet water and get water in your brain?
A thousand good strings
You said you paid 100,000 bucks for these things
This 50,000 sell
Are you crazy?
100,000 I can make him 2 million believe it or not